GAP22BSML(1)                                                               User Contributed Perl Documentation                                                              GAP22BSML(1)

NAME
       gap22bsml.pl - convert gap2 btab output to BSML

SYNOPSIS
       USAGE: gap22bsml.pl
           --input=/path/to/somefile.gap2.btab
           --output=/path/to/somefile.gap2.bsml

OPTIONS
       --input,-i
           Input btab file from a gap2 search.

       --query_file_path,-q
           Full path to FASTA file containing query sequence.

       --query_id
           ID of query sequence

       --debug,-d
           Debug level.  Use a large number to turn on verbose debugging.

       --log,-l
           Log file

       --output,-o
           Output BSML file

       --help,-h
           This help message

DESCRIPTION
       This script is used to convert the btab output from a gap2 search into BSML.

INPUT
       The input to this component is the btab file created by the gap2 executable.  This file is 19-column, tab-delimited text document.  The input must be a gap2 btab output from a
       single search.  Seq-pair-alignment elements are based on the chain ID from gap2, so if you concatenate btabs together each chainID 1, for example, would get merged into the same
       alignment, which is probably not what you want.   Define the input file using the --input option.

       Illegal characters will be removed from the IDs for the query sequence (column 0) and subject hit (column 5) if necessary to create legal XML id names.  For each element, the
       original, unmodified name will be stored in the "title" attribute of the Sequence element.  You should make sure that your ids don't begin with a number.  This script will
       successfully create a BSML document regardless of your ID names, but the resulting document may not pass DTD validation.

OUTPUT
       The BSML file to be created is defined using the --output option.  If the file already exists it will be overwritten.

CONTACT
           Joshua Orvis
           jorvis@tigr.org

perl v5.22.1                                                                           2017-11-14                                                                           GAP22BSML(1)
