NAP2BSML(1)                                                                User Contributed Perl Documentation                                                               NAP2BSML(1)

NAME
       nap2bsml.pl - convert nap btab output to BSML

SYNOPSIS
       USAGE: nap2bsml.pl
           --input=/path/to/somefile.nap.btab
           --output=/path/to/somefile.nap.bsml

OPTIONS
       --input,-i
           Input btab file from a nap search.

       --query_file_path,-q
           Full path to FASTA file containing query sequence.

       --query_id
           ID of query sequence

       --cutoff_identity
           Filter results on % identity (exclude < cutoff).

       --cutoff_similarity
           Filter results on % similarity (exclude < cutoff).

       --debug,-d
           Debug level.  Use a large number to turn on verbose debugging.

       --log,-l
           Log file

       --output,-o
           Output BSML file

       --qzip_output,-g
           Optional.  A non-zero value will make compressed output.

       --help,-h
           This help message

DESCRIPTION
       This script is used to convert the btab output from a nap search into BSML.

INPUT
       The input to this component is the btab file created by the nap executable.  This file is 19-column, tab-delimited text document.  The input must be a nap btab output from a
       single search.  Seq-pair-alignment elements are based on the chain ID from nap, so if you concatenate btabs together each chainID 1, for example, would get merged into the same
       alignment, which is probably not what you want.  Define the input file using the --input option.

       Illegal characters will be removed from the IDs for the query sequence (column 0) and subject hit (column 5) if necessary to create legal XML id names.  For each element, the
       original, unmodified name will be stored in the "title" attribute of the Sequence element.  You should make sure that your ids don't begin with a number.  This script will
       successfully create a BSML document regardless of your ID names, but the resulting document may not pass DTD validation.

OUTPUT
       The BSML file to be created is defined using the --output option.  If the file already exists it will be overwritten.

CONTACT
           Joshua Orvis
           jorvis@users.sf.net

perl v5.22.1                                                                           2017-11-14                                                                            NAP2BSML(1)
